clamav: add page (#4423)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/clamav.md

> # clamav

Reviewer: Could we rename this page to `clamscan` please? tldr pages should be named after the command they document.

> > Clam AntiVirus is an open source anti-virus.
> > Designed especially for e-mail scanning on mail gateways.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Open-source anti-virus program.
> Designed especially for e-mail scanning on mail gateways, but can be used in other contexts.
```

> More information: <https://www.clamav.net>.

- Update virus definitions:

`freshclam`

- Scan a file for viruses:

> `clamscan {{file}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
`clamscan {{path/to/file}}`
```

- Scan directories recursively and print out infected files:

> `clamscan --recursive --infected {{directory}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
`clamscan --recursive --infected {{path/to/directory}}`
```
